#1st Oct
Sent a lot of call to action messages for follow up and got a lot of replies
A lot of people replied saying that they would rather prefer answering questions on chat or don't have the time to book a call.
Will have to try shorter duration calls
#2nd Oct
Got referrals from people as they were busy and said don't have time to do an informational call after 3rd follow up along with the ask.
Some people are too busy so they said that they don't have time to join informational calls.
Will make some changes in making an ask by asking them to introduce me to people I might want to talk.
#3rd Oct
Got some responses from people after 3rd follow up message.
Updated availability on weekends as well on calendly as few people are not available on weekdays
Will have to find people more closely relevant to my domain areas in automotive and GIS
#4th Oct
A lot of people who replied preferred talking over phone or just asking questions over chat.
Received some connections through people who have introduced me to them
Will talk to those people over phone
#6th Oct
People who have similar background in GIS are showing interest and responding as well
Few people responded after 3rd follow up after making the 3rd ask
Need to understand why referrals are not converting to first round interview calls.
#7th Oct
Had a short informational call with a data engineer who works at CVS health.
Got a referral from Deloitte after reaching out to someone on LinkedIn and asking for informational call.
Both online application and referral to first interview needs to be improved.
#8th Oct
Had a conversation with a data engineer at Walmart
Asked someone within a warm connection for a referral at Microsoft
#9th Oct
Had a conversation with a AI engineer at AMD
Have a informational call with someone who has worked in GIS as a data engineer
#11th Oct
Had a conversation with someone who works in geospatial data engineering field
Received a reply for a call from someone who works at Apple as a Senior Data Scientist
#13th Oct
Got a reply from someone who works at Deloitte as a Data Scientist for a referral
#14th Oct
Reached out to someone who works at Lucid Motors along with the job link as they offered to provide a referral.
#15th Oct
Had an information call with someone who works as a Senior Data Scientist at Apple.
#16th Oct
I will check for referrals at companies where people work and I had informational calls before
#21st Oct
A hiring manager from Adobe accepted my connection request who is hiring for an ML Engineer role and I sent them a message on LinkedIn
A informational call has been scheduled on 25th Oct
#22nd Oct
The hiring manager I reached out to yesterday saw my message and will send a follow up message tomorrow
A person I reached out to after follow up replied back saying that they are available in the weekend.
#23rd Oct
Got referred to a role at AMD for an AI Engineer role. Received a reply from a GenAI Data Scientist at Blue Health Intelligence (BHI) for a call this weekend.
Received a reply from Brian Stacy who works as a Sr. Economist and Data Scientist that he would let me know of any potential openings at the World Bank.
#24th Oct
Scheduled a informational call with Data Scientist at the World Bank
Received a reply and got an informational call tomorrow with a Data Scientist at BHI
#25th Oct
Rescheduled informational call for tomorrow with Rohit who works as a Data Scientist at Navy Federal Credit Union
#26th Oct
Had a wonderful conversation with Rohit who works as a Data Scientist at the Navy Federal Credit Union.
#27th Oct
Applied with a referral for AI engineer role at AMD.
#28th Oct
Information call with Data Scientist at World Bank is rescheduled to Friday.
Received a message from a person who works as a Data Engineer at Ford for information call during the weekend.
Will tweak the linkedin connection message to recruiters and hiring managers for better results.
#30th Oct
Received a message from a Recruiter for a job link to Capital One as I applied for a position at SoTalent.
#31st Oct
Had a great information call with a Data Scientist at the World Bank. He shared a short term geospatial data analyst consultant role
at the World Bank and I sent my resume, cover letter to the mentioned email address. Also, he said he would reach out to me again
sometime on Monday as he is looking to hire people on his team. Will try to get in touch with more people in this company/domain.
#3rd Nov
Received a invitation for a referral immediately after accepting the connection request from someone who works at Lucid Motors
Sent a message to Rohit who I had a call earlier for a referral for Data Scientist position at Navy Federal Credit Union
#4th Nov
Booked an information call with Aditya who works as a Data Scientist at Capital One
Had a call with one of my friends who works at the World Bank and he gave me a gist of how hiring works there.
#5th Nov
Sent a message to Aaron Rock for a referral at ZS Associates for a data scientist role.
Utilizing boolean search on LinkedIn to find out roles that are more similar to my background and sending connection requests.
#6th Nov
Received a calendly invite from Anthony who works as a Data Scientist at USAC on Saturday.
Seeing some LinkedIn connection requests getting accepted from people who work in GIS domain.
WIll try some sandbox and stepping stone companies
#7th Nov
Had a great conversation with Aditya who works at Capital One and said he would refer me for roles for which I provide him job IDS and cover letter
Have another information call tomorrow with Anthony who works at USAC and is also a GWU Alumni.
#8th Nov
Had a good conversation with Anthony from USAC and told me he would let me know of any new opportunities at USAC.
#11th Nov
Received a reply from William who works as a Data Scientist at Cargill on Nov 14th.
#12th Nov
Received a reply from Miguel who works at the World Bank and asked me to do a task/assessment
Also, got a reply from Venkata who works at Bayer as a Data Engineer
#13th Nov
Received an assessment from CaseGuard for Software Engineer Backend position
#14th Nov
Had a great call with Billy from Cargill and talked to me about his experience and offered to refer me.
Got a response from Tyler from Bayer and he said that he would forward my resume to a team he knows.
#16th Nov
Scheduled a call with Rajarshi on Thursday who works at Cargill
#17th Nov
Had a call with Bharath and he explained me how Mercor hiring actually works
#18th Nov
Got connected with the CEO at Planet company and sent him 3 bullet points shoeing my interest towards a role.
#19th Nov
Got connected with a Data Science Tech Lead at Bayer and sent him my resume on LinkedIn.
#20th Nov
Had a great call with Rajarshi who works at Cargill and he said he is open to refer me for any roles.
Also, he mentioned that there would be more roles opening at Atlanta office soon.
#21st Nov
Scheduled a call on Sunday with Harish Gadde who works at Ulaa Solutions
#23rd Nov
Had a call with Harish at Ulaa Solutions and Venkata at Bayer. Venkata offered to refer me for any roles at Bayer.
#25th Nov
Submitted the assessment for CaseGuard and asked for referral at Bayer for a Data Scientist role
#1st Dec
Received a referral for a Data Scientist role at Bayer from Sourav
Received a reply from Leela who works at Planet and she told me that she might introduce me to someone else who also works there.
#2nd Dec
Received a 15-min screening call for a Jr. Data Engineer role at Apex Consultant Inc. tomorrow at 9.30 am
#4th Dec
Got a reply from Leela from Planet and told me that she would internally reach out to a team that works in my interest area.
#5th Dec
Got a referral for two roles at Turing from Bharat and applied for these roles and got an assessment.
Will try to search for people who work in GIS domain at Bayer
#6th Dec
Received a reply from Robert who works as the Head of Geospatial Data Engineering at Bayer and shared my capstone project with him.
#7th Dec
Got assessments from Turing and Rokt
#9th Dec
Got a follow up message from Leela who works at Planet as Software Engineer and shared my resume with her.
Got an AI screening call from Apt for AI/ML Engineer
#11th Dec
Receiving some replies from people after 3rd follow ups but unavailable for call this month.
Will try asking for referrals if people are unavailable for calls
#12th Dec
Received a reply from Sanjay who works as a Data Scientist at Ford and said he can go ahead with a call on weekends
#15th Dec
Had a call with Sanjay from Ford Motors and he told me he would refer me for roles at Ford
16th Dec
Received a referral for a Data Scientist at Ford from Praveen who works as a ML Engineer
17th Dec
Saw a job application for a Data Scientist role at Splitwise and sent an email to jobs@splitwise.com, will send connection requests to few people working there
18th Dec
Asked for a referral to Yashwanth for a DE role at UBS and Aditya for the same roel at CVS.
Had a long conversation with Amrit who works at UnifyCX and he told em that his team is also looking for a DE
19th Dec
I have reached enough people at Ford, will prioritize reaching out to people at Planet
22nd Dec
Received a reply from Bienel at Planet that he will keep me in mind if there are potential roles.
Got a take home assessment from McCarren AI
23rd Dec
Continue to reach out to HM, tech people at Ford and use boolean search to find out recruiters
Apply using boolean search and Y-combinator applications
26th Dec
Had a call with Vaibhav from Ford and he told me he would refer me for some roles at Ford and asked me to look at few staffing firms like Epitec
30th Dec
Had a conversation with Shravan who would refer me for a role at Microsoft anf found a role at Navy Federal Credit union and asked Rohit for a referral
Getting a lot of connection request accepts from people who worked at Ford and will continue this process
31st Dec
Getting additional replied from people who work at Ford so will continue to reach out to them and schedule conversations with people who were unavailable during the holidays.
1st Jan
Reached out to people who wanted to connect in January and will continue the same
2nd Jan
Will reach out to people other than Ford like Splitwise and other target companies after analyzing data
5th Jan
Received a LinkedIn InMail response from a recruiter who works at Quantum World Technologies.
Had an information call with Sujay who works at Ford and told me that he would refer me for any roles he finds in his team.
I will be reaching out to few people who are working at Splitwise now.
6th Jan
Scheduled an info call with Bhanu works at Ford on Saturday.
Will send few applications with referral
7th Jan
Scheduled a call with a GWU Alumni who works at GuideHouse
Had a great conversation with Omkar who works at Tech Mahindra and said he will refer me for some roles
8th Jan
Reached out to my LinkedIn connection for a referral at Tech Mahindra for an AI Engineer role.
Will apply to roles at the World Bank and try to reach out to few people for referrals
12th Jan
Reached out to people (specifically Alumni) from different companies
Received a message from a CEO at Aden about SDE(Backend) role and SDE 3 role from virtual recruiter Jamie
Will reach out to people (ICs) from Lime for tomorrow
13th Jan
Reached out to ICs from Lime and got a reply from Leela about another Sr. Software Engineer role at Planet
14th Jan
Had an information call with Jacob who works as a Data Scientist at Ford and would refer me for roles
Received a reply from Hari Priya who works as a Solutions Architect at Ford
15th Jan
Had an informational call with Camilie who works as an ML Engineer at Ford
Received a reply from Arpita who works at Satelytics for an information call this Saturday
Received a LinkedIn connection request from Anurag who works at Growth Partners as a Manging Partner and Practice Head
about a contract Applied AI Data Scientist role
16th Jan
Got referred for two roles at Ford and Navy Federal Credit Union
Scheduled two informational calls tomorrow with Arpita and Chao
19th Jan
Applied to Satelytics with a referral and Arpita forwarded my resume to the team.
Received a reply from Abhijit who is a HM at Ford and he said that he would let me know about any openings at Ford
20th Jan
Scheduled a info call with Kishore on Jan 30th. Will continue to reach out to ICs from Zoox, Satelytics
21st Jan
Reached out to ICs from Zoox and Satelytics, will reach out to people at Living Carbon.
22nd Jan
Received a reply from Sai that he is available for a call on Saturday 12pm. Will reach out to HRs and HMs from Zoox, Living Carbon
23rd Jan
Received a reply from Srinivas that he will share my resume and recommend me for internal roles
26th Jan
Booked an info call with Vanga on 31st Jan who works as a GenAI Engineer at Ford
Will reach out to people (ICs) from Living Carbon tomorrow
27th Jan
Did not find any relevant ICs from Living Carbon so reached out to potential managers
Will reach out to more ICs from Satelytics
28th Jan
Reached out to ICs from Satelytics and recieved a reply from recruiter at Zoox
Will continue to reach out to ICs at Zoox
29th Jan
Received two referrals from Zoox (probably HM) and Ford (IC)
Will continue reaching out to people from Zoox, Ford
30th Jan
Received reply from Charlie who works at Zoox for an info call
02nd Feb
Received a reply from Sanjay who is a HM at Ford who said would let me know if there is a role available.
03rd Feb
Got reached out by Chandra Sekhar and Charlie for info calls
Will continue to reach out to people from Zoox, Ford and apply to few roles at World Bank.
04th Feb
Received a email from Mukund from Tanisha Systems about an ML Engineer role and will follow up with him
05th Feb
Responded to Mukund with my resume, Receiving responses from ICs at Zoox, Ford
Will continue reaching out to people at Zoox, Ford
06th Feb
Received an email from Shikha who is a recruiter at Collins Consulting about a Data Scientist position
09th Feb
People from Zoox are accepting my connection requests while reaching out so will continue reaching out to them.
10th Feb
Got an info call scheduled with Harshal Maske who works at Ford as a Research Engineer
11th Feb
Had an info call with Harshal who works as a Research Engineer at Ford and told me he would refer me for roles
Another info call scheduled with Mayuri who works at the World Bank
12th Feb
Got a reply from Sanchit from Zoox that he would refer me for roles
13th Feb
Got a reply from Muhammad about a call over the weekend.